{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\lang1037\f0\fs20NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
IBM FlashSystem 9100 Comprestimator, Version 1.0.1\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM or any of its related or affiliated entities\par
(collectively "IBM"), the third party code identified below is subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in this\par
NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of IBM and\par
IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any third party\par
website referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM disclaims any\par
and all liability for errors and omissions or for any damages accruing\par
from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, including without\par
limitation URLs or references to any third party websites.\par
\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==============================================================================\par
APACHE 2.0 LICENSED CODE:  The Program includes all or portions of the \par
following software which IBM obtained under the terms and conditions of the \par
Apache License Version 2.0:\par
\tab\tab\par
\tab Portions of Boost version 1.49\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
*****************************************************************\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Apache License\par
                        Version 2.0, January 2004\par
                     http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
   "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
   the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
   "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
   other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
   control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
   "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
   exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
   source, and configuration files.\par
\par
   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
   and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
   Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
   copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
   (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
   form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
   editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
   represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
   of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
   separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
   the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
   "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
   the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
   to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
   submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
   or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
   the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
   means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
   to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
   communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
   Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
   excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
   designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
   "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
   on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
   subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
   by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
   institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
   or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
   or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
   granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
   as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
   meet the following conditions:\par
\par
   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
       stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
       the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
       as modifying the License.\par
\par
   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
   the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
   agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
   Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
   implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
   of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
   appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
   risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
   negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
   liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
   incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
   result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
   Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
   other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
   has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
   the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
   and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
   or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
   License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
   on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
   of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
   incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
   of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.\par
\par
   To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following\par
   boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"\par
   replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include\par
   the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate\par
   comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a\par
   file or class name and description of purpose be included on the\par
   same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier\par
   identification within third-party archives.\par
\par
Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]\par
\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License\par
\par
=============================================================================\par
END OF Apache version 2.0 License \par
=============================================================================\par
\par
=================================================================\par
NOTICE file corresponding to section 4(d) of the Apache License, \par
Version 2.0, in this case for the Boost version 1.49 distribution\par
=================================================================\par
\par
jQuery TOC Plugin v1.1.x based on \par
samaxesJS JavaScript Library\par
http://code.google.com/p/samaxesjs/\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2008 samaxes.com\par
\par
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
\par
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
\par
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
limitations under the License.\par
\par
2009-10-04, guwi17: modified and extended to meet uBLAS' needs\par
\par
=============================================================================\par
END OF Apache version 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
=============================================================================\par
\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==============================================================================\par
BOOST version 1.49: The Program includes BOOST version 1.49 software. \par
IBM obtained BOOST version 1.49 software under the terms and conditions \par
of the following licenses:\tab\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization\par
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by\par
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,\par
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the\par
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to\par
do so, all subject to the following:\par
\par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including\par
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,\par
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and\par
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative\par
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by\par
a source language processor.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Copyright 2002-2003, Trustees of Indiana University.\par
Copyright 2000-2001, University of Notre Dame.\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Indiana University has the exclusive rights to license this product under the\par
following license.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
  * All redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,\par
    the list of authors in the original source code, this list of conditions\par
    and the disclaimer listed in this license;\par
\par
  * All redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
    notice, this list of conditions and the disclaimer listed in this license\par
    in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution;\par
\par
  * Any documentation included with all redistributions must include the\par
    following acknowledgement:\par
\par
      "This product includes software developed at the University of Notre Dame\par
      and the Pervasive Technology Labs at Indiana University. For technical\par
      information contact Andrew Lumsdaine at the Pervasive Technology Labs at\par
      Indiana University.  For administrative and license questions contact the\par
      Advanced Research and Technology Institute at 351 West 10th Street.\par
      Indianapolis, Indiana 46202, phone 317-278-4100, fax 317-274-5902."\par
\par
    Alternatively, this acknowledgement may appear in the software itself, and\par
    wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.\par
\par
  * The name Indiana University, the University of Notre Dame or "Caramel"\par
    shall not be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software\par
    without prior written permission from Indiana University.  For written\par
    permission, please contact Indiana University Advanced Research &\par
    Technology Institute.\par
\par
  * Products derived from this software may not be called "Caramel", nor may\par
    Indiana University, the University of Notre Dame or "Caramel" appear in\par
    their name, without prior written permission of Indiana University Advanced\par
    Research & Technology Institute.\par
\par
Indiana University provides no reassurances that the source code provided does\par
not infringe the patent or any other intellectual property rights of any other\par
entity.  Indiana University disclaims any liability to any recipient for claims\par
brought by any other entity based on infringement of intellectual property\par
rights or otherwise.  \par
\par
LICENSEE UNDERSTANDS THAT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" FOR WHICH NO WARRANTIES\par
AS TO CAPABILITIES OR ACCURACY ARE MADE. INDIANA UNIVERSITY GIVES NO WARRANTIES\par
AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATION THAT SOFTWARE IS FREE OF INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD\par
PARTY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. INDIANA UNIVERSITY MAKES\par
NO WARRANTIES THAT SOFTWARE IS FREE FROM "BUGS", "VIRUSES", "TROJAN HORSES",\par
"TRAP DOORS", "WORMS", OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE.  LICENSEE ASSUMES THE ENTIRE RISK\par
AS TO THE PERFORMANCE OF SOFTWARE AND/OR ASSOCIATED MATERIALS, AND TO THE\par
PERFORMANCE AND VALIDITY OF INFORMATION GENERATED USING SOFTWARE.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Copyright:\par
\par
/+\\\par
+\\\tab Copyright 1993-2002 Christopher Seiwald and Perforce Software, Inc.\par
\\+/\par
\par
This is Release 2.4 of Jam/MR, a make-like program.\par
\par
License is hereby granted to use this software and distribute it\par
freely, as long as this copyright notice is retained and modifications \par
are clearly marked.\par
\par
ALL WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.\par
\par
Some portions are also:\par
\par
Copyright 2001-2006 David Abrahams.\par
Copyright 2002-2006 Rene Rivera.\par
Copyright 2003-2006 Vladimir Prus.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1998, 2002-2005 Kiyoshi Matsui <kmatsui@t3.rim.or.jp>\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
are met:\par
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND\par
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE\par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL\par
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS\par
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)\par
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT\par
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY\par
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF\par
SUCH DAMAGE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-1997\par
Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 1998\par
Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2002\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
/+\\\par
+\\   Copyright 1993-2002 Christopher Seiwald and Perforce Software, Inc.\par
\\+/\par
\par
This file is part of jam.\par
\par
License is hereby granted to use this software and distribute it\par
freely, as long as this copyright notice is retained and modifications\par
are clearly marked.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
(C) Copyright Andy Tompkins 2010. Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and\par
distribute this software is granted provided this copyright notice appears\par
in all copies. This software is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1993-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
Author: Hans-J. Boehm (boehm@parc.xerox.com)\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Copyright (C) Vladimir Prus 2002. Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and\par
distribute this software is granted provided this copyright notice appears in\par
all copies. This software is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty, and with no claim as to its suitability for any purpose.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
 \par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1997 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 2000 by Hewlett-Packard Company.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1996 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1994 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (c) 2001 by Hewlett-Packard Company. All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1988, 1989 Hans-J. Boehm, Alan J. Demers\par
Copyright (c) 1991-1995 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1996-1999 by Silicon Graphics.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright 1999 by Hewlett-Packard Company.  All rights reserved.\par
Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc\par
Copyright (c) 1999-2005 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use or copy this program\par
for any purpose,  provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
Permission to modify the code and to distribute modified code is granted,\par
provided the above notices are retained, and a notice that the code was\par
modified is included with the above copyright notice.\par
\par
Original author: Bill Janssen\par
Heavily modified by Hans Boehm and others\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 2004-2005 Andrei Polushin\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge,  to any person obtaining a copy\par
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal\par
in the Software without restriction,  including without limitation the rights\par
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell\par
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is\par
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in\par
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\par
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER\par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,\par
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN\par
THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Copyright (c) 1991 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.\par
\par
THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED\par
OR IMPLIED.  ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to copy this code for any purpose,\par
provided the above notices are retained on all copies.\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
=====================================================================\par
END OF BOOST version 1.49 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
=====================================================================\par
\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==============================================================================\par
ZLIB version 1.2.3: The Program includes ZLIB version 1.2.3 software. \par
IBM obtained ZLIB version 1.2.3 software under the terms and conditions \par
of the following licenses:\tab\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
zlib.h -- interface of the 'zlib' general purpose compression library\par
version 1.2.3, July 18th, 2005\par
\par
Copyright (C) 1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
   claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
   in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
   appreciated but is not required.\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
   misrepresented as being the original software.\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
*************************************************************************\par
\par
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization\par
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by\par
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,\par
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the\par
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to\par
do so, all subject to the following:\par
\par
The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including\par
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,\par
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and\par
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative\par
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by\par
a source language processor.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT\par
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE\par
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,\par
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER\par
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
=====================================================================\par
END OF ZLIB version 1.2.3 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
=====================================================================\par
\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==============================================================================\par
libstdc++ version 4.6.3: The Program includes libstdc++ version 4.6.3 \par
software. IBM obtained libstdc++ version 4.6.3 software under the terms and \par
conditions of the following licenses:\tab\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1994\par
Hewlett-Packard Company\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Hewlett-Packard Company makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996-1999\par
Silicon Graphics Computer Systems, Inc.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute and sell this software\par
and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,\par
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and\par
that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear\par
in supporting documentation.  Silicon Graphics makes no\par
representations about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Copyright (C) 2004 Ami Tavory and Vladimir Dreizin, IBM-HRL.\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, sell, and distribute this software\par
is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above copyright\par
notice appears in all copies, and that both that copyright notice\par
and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation. None\par
of the above authors, nor IBM Haifa Research Laboratories, make any\par
representation about the suitability of this software for any\par
purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied\par
warranty.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
(C) Copyright Jeremy Siek 2000. Permission to copy, use, modify,\par
sell and distribute this software is granted provided this\par
copyright notice appears in all copies. This software is provided\par
"as is" without express or implied warranty, and with no claim as\par
to its suitability for any purpose.\par
\par
=====================================================================\par
END OF libstdc++ version 4.6.3 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
=====================================================================\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==============================================================================\par
LZ4 version 2012: The Program includes LZ4 version 2012 software. \par
IBM obtained the LZ4 version 2012 software under the terms and \par
of the following licenses:\tab\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Copyright (C) 2011-2013, Yann Collet.\par
   BSD 2-Clause License (http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php)\par
\par
   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are\par
   met:\par
\par
       * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
       * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above\par
   copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer\par
   in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the\par
   distribution.\par
\par
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT\par
   OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,\par
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,\par
   DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY\par
   THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT\par
   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE\par
   OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
=====================================================================\par
END OF LZ4 version 2012 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
=====================================================================\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==============================================================================\par
Mersenne Twister version 19937-64: The Program includes Mersenne Twister \par
version 19937-64 software. IBM obtained the Mersenne Twister version 19937-64 \par
software under the terms and conditions of the following licenses:\tab\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------\par
Copyright (C) 2004, Makoto Matsumoto and Takuji Nishimura,\par
   All rights reserved.                          \par
\par
   Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without\par
   modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions\par
   are met:\par
\par
     1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright\par
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
\par
     2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright\par
        notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the\par
        documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
\par
     3. The names of its contributors may not be used to endorse or promote \par
        products derived from this software without specific prior written \par
        permission.\par
\par
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS\par
   "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT\par
   LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR\par
   A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR\par
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\par
   EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,\par
   PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR\par
   PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF\par
   LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\par
   NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS\par
   SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par
=====================================================================\par
END OF Mersenne Twister version 19937-64 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
=====================================================================\par
\par
\par
@@@@@@@@@@@@\par
==================================================================\par
InstallShield 2012: The Program includes InstallShield 2012\par
software. IBM obtained portions of the InstallShield 2012\par
software under the terms and conditions of the following licenses:\par
------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
RSA CODE.  The Program includes the following RSA software:\par
\par
\bullet  RSA MD5 (April 1992 Version \endash  original IETF RFC 1321 sample implementation) \par
\par
IBM obtained the right to use the software under the following license from \par
RSA Data Security:  \par
\par
COPYRIGHT (C) 1991-2, RSA DATA SECURITY, INC. CREATED 1991. ALL   \par
RIGHTS RESERVED.\par
LICENSE TO COPY AND USE THIS SOFTWARE IS GRANTED PROVIDED THAT IT\par
IS IDENTIFIED AS THE "RSA DATA SECURITY, INC. MD5 MESSAGE-DIGEST\par
ALGORITHM" IN ALL MATERIAL MENTIONING OR REFERENCING THIS SOFTWARE\par
OR THIS FUNCTION.\par
LICENSE IS ALSO GRANTED TO MAKE AND USE DERIVATIVE WORKS PROVIDED\par
THAT SUCH WORKS ARE IDENTIFIED AS "DERIVED FROM THE RSA DATA\par
SECURITY, INC. MD5 MESSAGE-DIGEST ALGORITHM" IN ALL MATERIAL\par
MENTIONING OR REFERENCING THE DERIVED WORK.\par
RSA DATA SECURITY, INC. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING EITHER\par
THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR THE SUITABILITY OF THIS\par
SOFTWARE FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS"\par
WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.\par
THESE NOTICES MUST BE RETAINED IN ANY COPIES OF ANY PART OF THIS\par
DOCUMENTATION AND/OR SOFTWARE.\par
\par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
END OF RSA NOTICES AND INFORMATION  \par
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
ZLIB CODE.  The Program includes the following zlib software:\par
\par
\bullet\tab zlib 1.2.3\par
\par
IBM obtained the right to use the software under the following license from zlib:  \par
\par
zlib.h -- interface of the 'zlib' general purpose compression library\par
  version 1.2.3, July 18th, 2005 \par
\par
  Copyright (C) 1995-2005 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
  Jean-loup Gailly jloup@gzip.org\par
  Mark Adler madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
END OF ZLIB NOTICES AND INFORMATION  \par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Scintilla code\par
\par
\bullet  Scintilla 2.11\par
\par
IBM obtained the right to use the software under the following license from \par
Scintilla:  \par
\par
Copyright 1998-2003 by Neil Hodgson <neilh@scintilla.org>\par
\par
All Rights Reserved \par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation \par
for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright \par
notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright notice and this permission \par
notice appear in supporting documentation.\par
\par
NEIL HODGSON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL NEIL HODGSON \par
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES \par
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF \par
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION \par
WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
END OF SCINTILLA NOTICES AND INFORMATION  \par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
TinyXML code\par
\par
\bullet\tab TinyXML 2.5.3\par
\par
IBM obtained the right to use the software under the following license from zlib:  \par
\par
Original code(2.0 and earlier) copyright \'a9 2000-2006 Lee Thomason \par
(www.grinninglizard.com)\par
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. \par
In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising from the use \par
of this software. \par
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including \par
commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to \par
the following restrictions:\par
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim \par
that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, \par
an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not \par
required.\par
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be \par
misrepresented as being the original software.\par
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
END OF TinyXML NOTICES AND INFORMATION  \par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
===========================================================================\par
END OF InstallShield 2012 NOTICES AND INFORMATION \par
===========================================================================\par
\par
============================================================================\par
END OF NOTICES AND INFORMATION for IBM FlashSystem 9100 Comprestimator, \par
version 1.0.1\par
============================================================================\par
\par
\par
L/N:  L-KNGN-AYFNDQ\par
D/N:  L-KNGN-AYFNDQ\par
P/N:  L-KNGN-AYFNDQ\par
}
 